N = 1 M = 100
success queue_lock: 1005 microseconds
success stack_lock: 168 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 219 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 178 microseconds
N = 1 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 279 microseconds
success stack_lock: 635 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 575 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 563 microseconds
N = 1 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 1639 microseconds
success stack_lock: 1906 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 5303 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 2144 microseconds
N = 1 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 13508 microseconds
success stack_lock: 18458 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 9455 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 13740 microseconds
N = 1 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 103678 microseconds
success stack_lock: 100462 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 158654 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 140824 microseconds
N = 2 M = 100
success queue_lock: 227 microseconds
success stack_lock: 471 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 270 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 299 microseconds
N = 2 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 1088 microseconds
success stack_lock: 751 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 1089 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 8066 microseconds
N = 2 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 3165 microseconds
success stack_lock: 10296 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 4633 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 7129 microseconds
N = 2 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 21615 microseconds
success stack_lock: 22404 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 40831 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 40948 microseconds
N = 2 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 207087 microseconds
success stack_lock: 220547 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 400233 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 378725 microseconds
N = 3 M = 100
success queue_lock: 909 microseconds
success stack_lock: 656 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 822 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 8890 microseconds
N = 3 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 903 microseconds
success stack_lock: 816 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 1171 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 4883 microseconds
N = 3 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 4706 microseconds
success stack_lock: 12897 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 6093 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 10590 microseconds
N = 3 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 35167 microseconds
success stack_lock: 38994 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 56785 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 63255 microseconds
N = 3 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 350705 microseconds
success stack_lock: 356449 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 587203 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 640896 microseconds
N = 4 M = 100
success queue_lock: 904 microseconds
success stack_lock: 652 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 583 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 632 microseconds
N = 4 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 1516 microseconds
success stack_lock: 823 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 5579 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 1133 microseconds
N = 4 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 6756 microseconds
success stack_lock: 6028 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 8749 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 12132 microseconds
N = 4 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 54822 microseconds
success stack_lock: 53805 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 78886 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 88766 microseconds
N = 4 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 505089 microseconds
success stack_lock: 507829 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 789477 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 905065 microseconds
N = 5 M = 100
success queue_lock: 756 microseconds
success stack_lock: 8327 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 734 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 722 microseconds
N = 5 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 1329 microseconds
success stack_lock: 4027 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 1302 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 7213 microseconds
N = 5 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 8300 microseconds
success stack_lock: 9425 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 19093 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 11988 microseconds
N = 5 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 76966 microseconds
success stack_lock: 74976 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 100269 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 110874 microseconds
N = 5 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 625313 microseconds
success stack_lock: 644491 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 1036481 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 1162515 microseconds
N = 6 M = 100
success queue_lock: 734 microseconds
success stack_lock: 11685 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 869 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 11427 microseconds
N = 6 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 6357 microseconds
success stack_lock: 13355 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 12804 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 15467 microseconds
N = 6 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 27145 microseconds
success stack_lock: 13630 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 12755 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 14092 microseconds
N = 6 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 87518 microseconds
success stack_lock: 76302 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 123637 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 138645 microseconds
N = 6 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 768325 microseconds
success stack_lock: 782470 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 1230014 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 1411234 microseconds
N = 7 M = 100
success queue_lock: 1062 microseconds
success stack_lock: 914 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 9379 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 797 microseconds
N = 7 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 1189 microseconds
success stack_lock: 10233 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 2205 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 12294 microseconds
N = 7 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 33818 microseconds
success stack_lock: 13071 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 15096 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 16420 microseconds
N = 7 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 99393 microseconds
success stack_lock: 99626 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 143294 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 157415 microseconds
N = 7 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 867212 microseconds
success stack_lock: 923280 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 1459026 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 1625290 microseconds
N = 8 M = 100
success queue_lock: 2535 microseconds
success stack_lock: 1108 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 842 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 893 microseconds
N = 8 M = 1000
success queue_lock: 1350 microseconds
success stack_lock: 1880 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 6173 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 2098 microseconds
N = 8 M = 10000
success queue_lock: 16194 microseconds
success stack_lock: 11941 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 17140 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 18710 microseconds
N = 8 M = 100000
success queue_lock: 109386 microseconds
success stack_lock: 115102 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 168499 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 181622 microseconds
N = 8 M = 1000000
success queue_lock: 1022576 microseconds
success stack_lock: 986810 microseconds
success queue_lockfree: 1645804 microseconds
success stack_lockfree: 1913911 microseconds